lib: location: add support for GNSS obstructed visibility detection (#7330)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

      The timestamp comes from the moment of scanning or neighbor measurements.
    * Removed dependency on the :ref:`lib_modem_jwt` library.
      The :ref:`lib_location` library now selects :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_REST_AUTOGEN_JWT` when using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_REST`.

>     * Added a new feature, GNSS obstructed satellite visibility detection.

Reviewer: "GNSS obstructed" sounds a bit weird. Would this work without GNSS? So just: "obstructed satellite visibility detection"

Author: @peknis How about "Added a new feature for GNSS, obstructed satellite visibility detection"?

Author: Updated as agreed offline.

>       When enabled, the library tries to detect situations where getting a GNSS fix is unlikely or would consume a lot of energy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      When this feature is enabled, the library tries to detect occurrences where getting a GNSS fix is unlikely or would consume a lot of energy.
```

Author: Updated.

>       When such a situation is detected, GNSS is stopped without waiting for a fix or a timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      When such an occurence is detected, GNSS is stopped without waiting for a fix or a timeout.
```

Author: Updated.
